Log in
Forgotten account?
Events
Home
Categories
Classics
Comedy
Crafts
Dance
Drinks
Fitness & workouts
Foods
Games
Gardening
Health & medical
Healthy living and self-care
Home and garden
Music and audio
Parties
Professional networking
Religions
Shopping
Social issues
Sports
Theatre
TV and films
Visual arts
2
Friday 2 January 2026 at 05:30 +06
Narayanganj 10K Run 2026
১০ পাইপ,জালকুড়ি
Narayanganj 10K Run 2026
Invite
Details
1.2K people responded
Event by Narayanganj Runners Community
১০ পাইপ,জালকুড়ি
Public
 
 · Anyone on or off Facebook
"Let's all run together on the path of health and awareness...!
Running is one of the means for physical and mental health. Let's run together and spread the message of physical and mental health practices from Narayanganj to all over Bangladesh. This event is not just a running event, but is moving forward with the goal of making it a memorable initiative of Narayanganj district.
We want to convey an important message through this event, the importance of protecting the environment and conserving rivers along with industrial development. Narayanganj is an important industrial and commercial area. The lifeblood of this region is the Shitalakshya River. This development cannot be imagined without the river.
So let's take an oath through running...↓
"𝐒𝐚𝐯𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐑𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫, 𝐁𝐮𝐢𝐥𝐝 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐈𝐧𝐝𝐮𝐬𝐭𝐫𝐲"
With the participation of you and all the runners in your team, our event will be successful, InshaAllah.
𝐑𝐚𝐜𝐞 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐞: Friday, 2 January, 2026
𝐒𝐥𝐨𝐭𝐬: (Details will be published soon)
𝐑𝐚𝐜𝐞 𝐂𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐠𝐨𝐫𝐢𝐞𝐬:
◑ 5K Run
◑ 10K Run
𝐂𝐮𝐭 𝐎𝐟𝐟 𝐓𝐢𝐦𝐞:
◑ 5K: 60 Minutes
◑ 10K: 100 Minutes
𝐄𝐚𝐫𝐥𝐲 𝐁𝐢𝐫𝐝 𝐑𝐞𝐠𝐢𝐬𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐟𝐞𝐞:
◑ 5K Run: BDT 1200
◑ 10K Run: BDT 1250
𝐑𝐚𝐜𝐞 𝐒𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐭: 6.30 AM.
𝐑𝐞𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐓𝐢𝐦𝐞: 6.00 AM.
𝐄𝐯𝐞𝐧𝐭 𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞: Live.
𝐑𝐞𝐠𝐢𝐬𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧:
ʀᴇɢɪsᴛʀᴀᴛɪᴏɴ ʟɪɴᴋ...↓
https://myeventspark.com/events/narayanganj-10k-run-2026
𝐏𝐨𝐝𝐢𝐮𝐦:

 General Podium Category: (5Km & 10 Km)
◑ Champion (Male & Female)
◑ 1st Runner-up (Male & Female)
◑ 2nd Runner-up (Male & Female)
(Prize Money + Crest of Honor)
 Veteran Podium Category: 36-49 Age (5Km & 10Km)
◑ Champion (Male & Female)
◑ 1st Runner-up (Male & Female)
◑ 2nd Runner-up (Male & Female)
(Crest of Honor)
 Veteran Podium Category: 50+ Age (5Km & 10Km)
◑ Champion (Male & Female)
◑ 1st Runner-up (Male & Female)
◑ 2nd Runner-up (Male & Female)
(Crest of Honor)
𝐑𝐚𝐜𝐞 𝐑𝐨𝐮𝐭𝐞: 10 Pipe Road, Jalkuri, Narayanganj.
92 North Jalkuri Government Primary School
Location Link...↓
https://maps.app.goo.gl/qPG619c1sbiKE9HF7?g_st=ac
𝐑𝐞𝐠𝐢𝐬𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐝 𝐏𝐚𝐫𝐭𝐢𝐜𝐢𝐩𝐚𝐧𝐭𝐬 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐫𝐞𝐜𝐞𝐢𝐯𝐞:

BIB

T-shirt

Kits bag

Hydration

Chip timing

Free photoshoot

Medical Support

Car parking

Food and refreshment

 Washroom facility

 Bag drops service

 Foreign made Medal

 E- Certificate

 Transportation service arrangements to facilitate runners reaching the track. Charges apply.
𝐍𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭 𝐒𝐭𝐚𝐲: There will be school room for overnight stays, and designated areas on the field for those staying in tents. Everyone will be responsible for bringing their own necessary supplies for their stay.
. 𝗪𝗲 𝗵𝗮𝘃𝗲 𝘀𝗼𝗺𝗲 𝗮𝗿𝗿𝗮𝗻𝗴𝗲𝗺𝗲𝗻𝘁𝘀 𝘁𝗼 𝗺𝗮𝗸𝗲 𝘁𝗵𝗲 𝗲𝘃𝗲𝗻𝘁 𝗳𝗲𝘀𝘁𝗶𝘃𝗲.

. 𝐏𝐥𝐚𝐲𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐟𝐨𝐨𝐭𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐥 𝐨𝐧 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐓𝐮𝐫𝐟.

. 𝐐𝐚𝐰𝐰𝐚𝐥𝐢 𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐟𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐥.

. 𝐑𝐚𝐟𝐟𝐥𝐞 𝐝𝐫𝐚𝐰.

. 𝐂𝐡𝐚𝐢𝐫 𝐠𝐚𝐦𝐞 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐅𝐞𝐦𝐚𝐥𝐞.

. 𝐓𝐞𝐧𝐧𝐢𝐬 𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐥 𝐭𝐡𝐫𝐨𝐰𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐌𝐞𝐧.
𝐈𝐦𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭𝐚𝐧𝐭 𝐍𝐨𝐭𝐞:

 This event is open to all categories of runners.

 Only those who finish the race within the allotted time will receive medals.

 This is a live event.

 Runners are encouraged to wear the event T-shirt Narayanganj 10Km Run 2026 and wearing T-shirts from other events is strictly prohibited.

 Only participants who are registered can join the race using their assigned individual BIB. Transfer of BIB is strictly prohibited.

 Registration fees are non-refundable.

 Only physically fit and interested individuals are encouraged to participate.

 The event authorities reserve the right to make any rules, schedules or other changes as necessary.
 Get ready to make Narayanganj Running Trek a blast with your participation. Prepare yourself to win the challenge with yourself. Get your running shoes and gears ready to dress up in runner style.
 Thank you for your cooperation, let's all organize a successful race together...!
 Facebook Page Link:

 https://www.facebook.com/share/1GAoHf9HmA/
 Join our Facebook Group:

 https://www.facebook.com/share/g/19qgzCEtKF/
 For any questions, please contact:

 Message the Narayanganj l Runners Community (NRC) page. See less
Azibpur, Dhaka, Bangladesh
১০ পাইপ,জালকুড়ি
জালকুড়ি, Narayanganj
Host
Narayanganj Runners Community
