Log in
Forgotten account?
Events
Home
Categories
Classics
Comedy
Crafts
Dance
Drinks
Fitness & workouts
Foods
Games
Gardening
Health & medical
Healthy living and self-care
Home and garden
Music and audio
Parties
Professional networking
Religions
Shopping
Social issues
Sports
Theatre
TV and films
Visual arts
16
Friday 16 October 2026 at 04:00 +06
Country Maker Youth Run 2026
300 Feet Highway,Purbachal
Country Maker Youth Run 2026
Invite
Details
197 people responded
Event by Country Maker and Pathfinder Defence Academy
300 Feet Highway,Purbachal
Tickets
countrymaker.org
Public
 
 · Anyone on or off Facebook
This event is Organized by Country Maker & Ex Military Officers of Pathfinder Defence Academy.
For the first time Country Maker is going to Organize a running event.
"Country Maker" believes that the ultimate strength of a nation lies within its youth. To help our young generation grow into physically and mentally stronger, more confident, and highly responsible individuals, we proudly present the Cross Country Youth Run 2026.
This is not just a 10 KM run; it is a challenge to push beyond your boundaries and discover the absolute best version of yourself. The very decision to wake up at 4:30 AM on a Friday and hit the track is a testament to your discipline, resilience, and dedication to your goals. A long-distance endurance run like this instills leadership, integrity, and responsibility in a young individual—the exact qualities required to become the successful leaders and Future Officers of tomorrow.
Every single step on the track will teach you how to overcome obstacles, endure the pain, and fight till the very end without giving up. And when you finally cross that finish line, with the premium 3D "I AM A COUNTRY MAKER" medal hanging proudly on your chest, you won’t just be a finisher—you will be a true architect of the nation!
Event Highlights:

 Category: 10 KM I 2 KM for Kinds

 Date: 16 October 2026 (Friday)

 Reporting Time: 04:30 AM

 Running Track - 300 feet expressway

 Organized By: Country Maker
What’s Included for the Finishers?

 Premium 3D Finisher Medal (I Am A Country Maker)

 Official Event T-Shirt

 BIB Number & Timing Chip Solution (Powered by Pacer Pulse Bangladesh)

 E-Certificate

 Hydration & Medical Support on Route

 Post-Run Breakfast & Refreshments

 Prize money for Top 3 runners (Male & Female both)
Let’s run for fitness, run for discipline, and run to outpace our own limits.
Are you ready to unleash your potential and be a Country Maker?
See less
Bara Beraid, Dhaka, Bangladesh
Tickets
Find tickets
300 Feet Highway,Purbachal
Rickshaw Cafe, পূর্বাচল রোড, রুপগঞ্জ, বাংলাদেশ
Hosts
Country Maker
Pathfinder Defence Academy
