Log in
Forgotten account?
Events
Home
Categories
Classics
Comedy
Crafts
Dance
Drinks
Fitness & workouts
Foods
Games
Gardening
Health & medical
Healthy living and self-care
Home and garden
Music and audio
Parties
Professional networking
Religions
Shopping
Social issues
Sports
Theatre
TV and films
Visual arts
6
Friday 6 February 2026 from 05:00-10:00 +06
Nuvista Run for Women 2026
Mirpur DOHS Cultural Center (6th Floor), Road-9, Mirpur DOHS, Pallabi, Dhaka-1216, Bangladesh , 1216 Dhaka, Bangladesh
Nuvista Run for Women 2026
Invite
Details
88 people responded
Event by Nuvista RUN for WOMEN and Rafiqul Haider Linkon
Mirpur DOHS Cultural Center (6th Floor), Road-9, Mirpur DOHS, Pallabi, Dhaka-1216, Bangladesh , 1216 Dhaka, Bangladesh
Duration: 5 hr
Public
 
 · Anyone on or off Facebook
Nuvista "Run for Women" – The Reason to Be There
Women’s health continues to be impacted by a lack of awareness, especially in Bangladesh.
Symptoms of conditions such as hypothyroidism, endometriosis, fibroids, high-risk pregnancies, and menopause are evolving, but awareness remains poor. The women of Bangladesh, across age groups, especially among the socially backward strata are neglecting their health and thereby impacting the generations to follow.
To address this issue, Nuvista Pharma, the first Women-Centric Pharma Company in Bangladesh, is organizing "Run for Women”, a community-focused event to encourage women. This 10 KM run for women event is aimed at promoting physical health, mental well-being, and social connection among women. Women must stand for women. And so should all men, who value women.
This run is designed to encourage women to prioritize their health and inspire men to provide their full support in advancing women's health and well-being in Bangladesh.
There will be 10 KM and a 5 KM category for both men and women. Minimum age has to be 14 years and 12 years to be eligible for participating in 10 KM and 5 KM category respectively.
Race Date: 6th February 2026
Location: Mirpur DOHS area
Race Reporting Time: 0500 AM
Race START Time: 0600 AM
What all runners would receive for the race:
* Beautiful wooden medal
* Race Jersey
* Chip based timing
* Hydration on track
* Post-race meal
There will be Attractive gifts and award for the podium holders.
*Podium will be decided basing on GUN TIME
*Organizer preserves the authority to decide on any aspect regarding race result after consulting with Race Marshall See less
Hosts
Nuvista RUN for WOMEN
Rafiqul Haider Linkon
Suggested events
Happening now
Review Offer 3000TK
Femme'Z Fashion
38 people interested
Live now
প্ল্যান্ট ফ্লোর থেকে লিডারশিপ: এক অনুপ্রেরণামূলক ক্যারিয়ার যাত্রা ও নেতৃত্বের অভিজ্ঞতা
52 people interested
Watch Live
Sat, 4 Oct at 12:00 +06
UK & New Zealand Spot Application Day
158 Lake Circus (3rd Floor), Singer Mega Building, Kalabagan, 1205 Dhaka, Bangladesh
1614 people interested
Event transparency
Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of this event.
See more
Privacy
 
 · Terms
 
 · Advertising
 
 · Ad choices 
 
 · Cookies
 
 · More
Log in or sign up for Facebook to connect with friends, family and people you know.
Log in
or
Create new account