Log in
Forgotten account?
Events
Home
Categories
Classics
Comedy
Crafts
Dance
Drinks
Fitness & workouts
Foods
Games
Gardening
Health & medical
Healthy living and self-care
Home and garden
Music and audio
Parties
Professional networking
Religions
Shopping
Social issues
Sports
Theatre
TV and films
Visual arts
11
Saturday 11 July 2026 from 08:00-10:00 +06
Dhaka Mile - One Global Mile
dhaka
Dhaka Mile - One Global Mile
Invite
Details
429 people responded
Event by Run-Bangla
dhaka
Duration: 2 hr
Public
 
 · Anyone on or off Facebook
Welcome to Dhaka Mile – One Global Mile
What is One Global Mile?
One Global Mile is a worldwide celebration of community through running. The idea is simple yet powerful: on the same day, runners in different countries run the same distance 1 mile (1.6 km) in their own local time and local place while being connected as part of one global running movement. From city streets and parks to local running routes, people around the world would come together to celebrate movement, health, and community through one shared distance.
1 mile = 1.6 km, a distance open to everyone.
Beginners, casual joggers, kids (aged 14 and above), and experienced runners are all welcome. Everyone can be part of this celebration and take a step towards a healthier, more active lifestyle. Countries connected through the Association of International Marathons and Distance Races (AIMS) and AIMS-certified race organizers will join this movement, making it a truly Global Day of Running.
Dhaka proudly joins the world as “Dhaka Mile.”
On 11 July 2026, runners from cities and towns across continents will step onto their local mile courses together in one shared moment of movement. It would be in different countries, different cultures but one united spirit through running. The official Dhaka edition of One Global Mile is proudly organized by RunBangla, with the Association of International Marathons and Distance Races serving as the Series Sponsor, connecting Bangladesh with the global running community across 110+ countries.
So come and be part of Dhaka Mile – One Global Mile. Run or jog your mile and join thousands of participants around the world in this unique global celebration
Total slots: 250 participants only.
Event Highlights:
✓ Official Finisher Medal
✓ Event T-shirt
✓ Post-race meal
✓ Hydration support before, during & after the event
✓ Professional chip timing
✓ Official timing-based digital certificate
✓ AIMS Sponsored Event
Event Details:
✓ Venue: National Botanical Garden, Mirpur, Dhaka
✓ Distance: 1 Mile (1.6 KM)
✓ Date: Saturday, 11 July 2026
✓ Reporting Time: 6:45 AM
✓ Race Start Time: 8:00 AM
✓ Cut off Time: 20 Min
✓ Event Category: AIMS sponsored Global Series Event
Age Categories:
There will be three age categories:
14–25 years | 26–40 years | 40+ years (no upper limit)
Awards: Crests will be awarded to the 1st and 2nd place male and female finishers in each category.
Join Dhaka Mile as we run with the world and celebrate the joy that connects every runner,everywhere. See less
Host
Run-Bangla
