Log in
Forgotten account?
Events
Home
Categories
Classics
Comedy
Crafts
Dance
Drinks
Fitness & workouts
Foods
Games
Gardening
Health & medical
Healthy living and self-care
Home and garden
Music and audio
Parties
Professional networking
Religions
Shopping
Social issues
Sports
Theatre
TV and films
Visual arts
27
Friday 27 February 2026 from 22:15-23:59 +06
Ramadan 7.5K CHALLENGE (season 2)
Abul mal abdul muhit krira Complex
Ramadan 7.5K CHALLENGE (season 2)
Invite
Details
419 people responded
Event by Sylhet Elite Runners, Shamim Ahmed Joy and 2 others
Abul mal abdul muhit krira Complex
Duration: 1 hr 44 min
Public
 
 · Anyone on or off Facebook
Ramadan 7.5k CHALLENGE (season 2)
Date: 27th February, 2026. (Friday)
Event Type: Live/Virtual.
Virtual Event Details:
Record your run/walk any-day from [ 5th Ramadan 2026 - 15th Ramadan 2026] via most popular run/walk/ activity app from play store or App Store, (preferably Strava) and submit a Screenshot using submission link. Submission link will be provided 1 week before event. Also, one needs to submit the result in our group
Cut off time: None.
You need to complete 7.5 km in minimum 1 and a maximum of 2 attempts within the SAME day of your activity.
The person with the maximum Kms will be the winner of this event within this timeframe. However, if you come second, don't worry. We will be giving away prize money for the top 3 performers.
[We will be providing gifts and add category depending on the registration.*]
Activity type: Preferably outdoor, indoors are accepted as you finish 7.5 km successfully. (excluding pause time).
Our trained team of fitness activists and enthusiasts will verify your run/walk; thus your medal and belongings will be delivered to your house using the given details and number ( you can collect free of charge from our collection point otherwise delivery fee personal via Sundarban Courier Service to your home address) according to your registration type [regular/late].




Live Event Details:
Kit Collection:
25th, 26th FEB 2026 from 2:30-5:30pm (will update location)
27th FEB (7:30 PM, break for Tarawih and till before race starts).
Live Event: 27th FEB (Friday)
Reporting Time: 10:15 PM
Starting Time: 10:30 PM (Sharp).
Live Cut off time: 100 minutes.
VR Cut off time: none.




Starting and Finishing Point:
Uposhohor, in front of Sylhet Customs Headquarters.
Distance: 7.5 kilometers (3.75 km U-turn).
Event Route: Syed Burhan Uddin Road.
Water Point: 2.0 km, 3.75 km (U-turn), 5.5 km and at Abul Mal Sports Complex with food after finishing.
Event Ceremony: Abul Mal Abdul Muhit Sports Complex.


Cool Down: Cool down session will start at 1 hour from start time in Abul Mal Abdul Muhit Sport Complex near the event ceremony functions.
Event Ceremony: All the participants have to do a recovery run/walk approx. 250m run from the finish line to Abul Mal Abdul Muhit Sports Complex to Cool Down, receive food, medal and join the Closing Ceremony which will start at approx. 70-80 minutes of starting time.




[As we are committed to quality we try to keep the slots less]
Total Slots: 350 only!!
LIVE: 100 Participants.
VR: 250 Participants.


Registration Fee:
Virtual with T-shirt and Medal: (will be published later)
(FREE collection point at major location in Bangladesh, or delivery at own cost).
Live: (will be published later)


GENERAL PODIUM:
WINNER MALE/ FEMALE
RUNNER UP MALE/ FEMALE
1st-RUNNER UP MALE/ FEMALE
Special Gift Books
&
Last Finisher’s Crest
Volunteer Crest


RAMADAN IS NOT ABOUT COMPETITION BUT LEARNING, EVEN THOUGH WE TRIED NOT TO KEEP ANY PODIUM, THIS ARE DUE TO PUBLIC INTEREST.


N.B: [Each group (male/female) must have at least 10 participants in LIVE event within their category to achieve the title.]


Event Extras:
• T-shirt: Each participant will receive a special edition (Ramadan 7.5k Challenge Season 2) T-shirt.
• Medal: Finishers within cutoff time will only be awarded a distinctive China Medal featuring.........
• Food: Healthy light snacks and water will be at cool down point only, due to Ramadan in mind.
• Volunteer Support: Our dedicated volunteers will be stationed along the route, providing encouragement, guidance, and support whenever needed.
• Medical Support: Safety is our top priority. Medical personnel will be at starting point and u-turn point standby also on bike on track to offer assistance and care throughout the event.
• live-certificate: Will be provided to every registered participants after finishing the run.
e-certificate: Will be provided to every registered participants of VR within 1/1.5 week from the event date.
Inspiration:
Ramadan 7.5k CHALLENGE season 2, a night RUN outdoor activity.
Participants will push themselves through a challenging busy 7.5 km route in Ramadan, which includes a 3.75 km U-turn, testing physical stamina, seeing who's ahead/ behind you and mental strength running together with mates, colleagues or friends.
Whether you're a seasoned runner or looking to embrace a new fitness challenge, the Ramadan 7.5k Challenge welcomes individuals of all fitness levels. Come together with friends, family, and fellow runners as we celebrate health, unity, and the spirit of Ramadan.
REGISTER, share and prepare to celebrate the night!
Ramadan Mubarak,
Team SER 
 See less
Fitness
Sylhet
Abul mal abdul muhit krira Complex
গার্ডেন টাওয়ার রেসিডেন্সিয়াল, সিলেট, বাংলাদেশ
Hosts
Sylhet Elite Runners
Shamim Ahmed Joy
Saifullah Bin Abdul Quader
Abad UH
Suggested events
Fri, 21 Nov at 04:00 +06
Sylhet Marathon 2025
Sylhet Circuit House
9667 people interested
Fri, 19 Dec at 06:00 +06
𝐒𝐘𝐋𝐇𝐄𝐓 𝟕.𝟓𝐊
Kumarpara-sylhet
1381 people interested
Fri, 7 Nov at 05:30 +06
Sunamganj Half Marathon 2025
Sunamganj Shadar Sylhet
499 people interested
Event transparency
Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of this event.
See more
Privacy
 
 · Terms
 
 · Advertising
 
 · Ad choices 
 
 · Cookies
 
 · More
Log in or sign up for Facebook to connect with friends, family and people you know.
Log in
or
Create new account